Document kubernetes.io/kube-apiserver-serving ClusterTrustBundle signer (#48492)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/cluster-trust-bundle.md

    defaultValue: false
    fromVersion: "1.27"
---
Enable ClusterTrustBundle objects and kubelet integration. Makes the Kubernetes
Controller Manager publish a ClusterTrustBundle for the "kubernetes.io/kube-apiserver-serving"

> signer.

Author: That would be true for any other API object, correct? Should I add a link to docs explaining how to enable alpha APIs?

> signer.

Reviewer: We don't have a doc to link to, so you'll need to explain it here (briefly).

    defaultValue: false
    fromVersion: "1.27"
---
Enable ClusterTrustBundle support, including kubelet integration. Also makes the Kubernetes
controller manager publish a ClusterTrustBundle for the `kubernetes.io/kube-apiserver-serving`
signer.

> In order to enable the ClusterTrustBundle API, you must also allow it via
> [the kube-apiserver --runtime-config flag](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/enable-disable-api/).

Reviewer: Even better:
```suggestion

In order to use the ClusterTrustBundle API in your cluster, you need to enable this feature gate
and also [enable](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/enable-disable-api/) the associated alpha API group,
using the `--runtime-config` command line argument to kube-apiserver.
```

    defaultValue: false
    fromVersion: "1.27"
---

> Enable ClusterTrustBundle support, including kubelet integration. Also makes the Kubernetes

Author: Also, I just realized the mention of kubelet is likely all wrong here, I'll remove that. The ClusterTrustBundleProjection FG controls the availability of the pod fields AFAIK.
